never plays the gallery I think but you
never learn that until much later on I
think but never work for other people
what you do always always remember that
the reason that you initially started
working was that there was something
inside yourself that you've felt that if
you could manifest it in some way you
would understand more about yourself and
how you coexist with the rest of society
and I I think it's terribly dangerous
for an artist to fulfill other people's
expectations I think they produce
they're generally produced their worst
work when they do that and if the other
thing I would say is that if you feel
safe in the area that you're working in
you're not working in the right area
always go a little further into the
water than you feel you're capable of
being and go a little bit out of your
depth and when you don't feel that your
feet are quite touching the bottom
you're just about in the right place to
do something exciting